So, I got to the parts where I put
in all my personal information and
my credit card and all those fun things.
And gone through the kind of
tail end of the signup process,
you can choose your support level.
I think for
the most part we're in this as a team, so
we can go with the basic support.
If you wanna spend over $15,000 a month
you can also get conch hair style service,
that's a choice.
But I think that generally speaking,
basic support has never failed me.
Awesome, and here is my kind of
congratulations piece as well.
And one of the first things you'll
notice is we have two kinds of users.
We have a root user, and
then IM user, right?
Right now we only have a root account,
and you can even look at it.
Account owner, the performance test and
unrestricted access, right?
That is the only kind of
account that we have right now.
But we should probably seek to not
have that kind of account, right?
It's very much like if you use
a Unix based operating system,
one does not go around as the root
user and do whatever they want.
One usually makes at least a user
to has to sudo to use the really
destructive commands.
Or if they are incredibly responsible,
then they will make one that has no access
and switch into even an administrator
user when they have to do stuff.
So, we're going to at least
take that first step and
go from our root user and
make it administrator user.
When we start creating additional
roles like for our CICD process,
maybe we'll make a third user,
when I say maybe I mean definitely.
Will make a third user that has
only access to put files in
a specific bucket, right?
Or just create an invalidation
on CloudFront.
So on and so forth, right?
Generally speaking, we wanna use
the principle of least privilege or
the principle of least access to create
additional users for different things.
If this project you're studying right now,
turns into being a large company,
you might also for various different
humans at your company, be cool.
You can deploy the app you
work on to production,
you can't do this other app,
so on and so forth, right?
But step one is we'd like to
stop being a root user and
start being some other kind of user.
So, let's get that set up.
I like the number of things trying
to help me fill in my password.
That's a fun one.
Awesome.
So, this is kind of the beginnings
of everything that we need.
You might, if you've logged in at all
even from another account, you might see
recently visited services here cuz
mostly they are stored in local storage.
So, if you have used this
browser in another account,
don't be weirded out because they are in
your browser not because somebody has
logged into this account in the few
seconds when you made it and right now.
So, with that,
the easiest way to get around,
you could for instance, go to services.
And you can see that there are many
categories, and you could try to navigate
through all of them hit on all services
if you want to stress yourself out.
There are like hundreds of AWS services.
Or you use this fun bar up here and
you can go ahead and
type in, let's say for our case, billing.
Because the question we
got in the very beginning,
of how much is this going to cost me?
Ideally not that much.
I did tell one fib, it will recurringly
cost you 50 cent if you choose to register
a domain that costs money, right, but
there's no requirement that you do so.
You might choose not to,
you might already have a domain, for
those of us who buy domains and
they have an idea and
just have tons of domain sitting
around that is also In option as well.
But what we want to do is
should anything happen where we
might go over a certain threshold,
we would at least like to
get notified about it before it happens,
right?
So, one of the first
things we're gonna do for
ourselves is set up some
alerting around our billing.
So, that we'll go into, first we're
going to billing preferences here.
And we definitely want to receive
free to usage alerts, right?
So, if anything we're using
we've blown past the free tier,
then we'd like to get
an email about that as well.
And so, you can also get all sorts of
other ways to get billing alerts and
stuff along those lines.
Save that as well.
And with that,
we're gonna go into budgets.
And we'll go ahead and
we'll create a budget.
You don't have a lot of
choices in the very beginning.
So, this is basically, and to be clear,
there's a bunch of different
kinds of budgets, right?
The one that we are most concerned about
is the only one we have access to.
So, the one we're most concerned
about at this stage of our very
new seed company is cost, right?
So, we want to go ahead and
make sure that we have a cost budget,
so we'll pick that and we will select next
Awesome, so you can say during what
period you wanna be known about.
Do you wanna be notified whether it's
a daily budget or monthly budget or
quarterly budget?
I'm gonna say monthly is fine for me, and
started immediately and my expected month,
it doesn't know my last month cost
because this account is as you all saw.
So that I'm at the same place
as you a minutes old account, so
we'll go ahead, I'm gonna say $10.
One of the things that just to keep in
mind, if you choose to buy a domain,
it's probably about 12 bucks.
So, you will get an alert
immediately upon that moment, but
that will also verify
to you that it works.
So, you can choose 20, you can choose 10,
I'm gonna choose 10 for our purposes.
You can also figure out where you
wanna scope that budget, again,
these are really great if you already
have something in production and
you generally know the shape of it.
Right now,
we wanna say if it passes 10, 20,
what have you, I just want to know, right?
And it is kinda on you to
be on top of that, right?
Cuz you think about,
you might personally be like listen,
after 20 bucks I'm out, right?
But what is Amazon's choice at that point,
shut down your site.
There are other people who are like,
cool I had a spike in traffic
cuz our product went viral.
Accidentally they had a budget.
So, it's on you to kind of step in
there upon receiving that notification.
So, whatever the threshold is,
you need to figure that out for yourself.
I'm gonna call it budget.
Awesome, so
I've got that budget threshold created.
You can also I believe, you can set it for
different thresholds and
stuff along those lines.
You'd be like, cool when you've
gotten 75-to 80% of that budget.
So, it's not like,
you've blown past it, too bad,
you can get different alerts
along the way, as well.
All right, so now at least, if for
some reason someone gets into a root
account and gets untethered access and
everything, well at least get
a notification before it gets bad.
But it'd be more helpful kinda making
sure that doesn't happen, right?
And there are a bunch of
ways that we can do this.